V0.8.0 prep (#671)
urbanopt/geojson-modelica-translator: CHANGELOG.md

* Support multiple GHEs in a single district by @vtnate in https://github.com/urbanopt/geojson-modelica-translator/pull/644
* Adds method to process modelica results by @tanushree04 in https://github.com/urbanopt/geojson-modelica-translator/pull/646
* Simplify sys params to closer match reality by @vtnate in https://github.com/urbanopt/geojson-modelica-translator/pull/659
* Templates and tests for horizontal piping modeling by @JingWang-CUB in https://github.com/urbanopt/geojson-modelica-translator/pull/627
* Support single building DES templates by @nllong in https://github.com/urbanopt/geojson-modelica-translator/pull/670

### Other Changes
* Improve cli typing & validation by @vtnate in https://github.com/urbanopt/geojson-modelica-translator/pull/662
* Add detail to Docker setup docs for Windows users by @vtnate in https://github.com/urbanopt/geojson-modelica-translator/pull/643
* Use the correct ETS heat pump COP by @vtnate in https://github.com/urbanopt/geojson-modelica-translator/pull/642
* Use feature ids in load names instead of simple_uuid by @vtnate in https://github.com/urbanopt/geojson-modelica-translator/pull/652

> * Remove alfalfa from contest by @nllong in https://github.com/urbanopt/geojson-modelica-translator/pull/665

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Remove alfalfa from conftest.py by @nllong in https://github.com/urbanopt/geojson-modelica-translator/pull/665
```
